- 5 Make code readable
    - Personal note
        - 
    - 5.1 Use descriptive names
        - 5.1.1 Nondescriptive names make code hard to read
        - 5.1.2 Comments are a poor substitute for descriptive names
        - 5.1.3 Solution: Make names descriptive
    - 5.2 Use comments appropriately
        - Comments or documentation in code can serve various purposes, such as the following:
            - Explaining __what__ some code does
            - Explaining __why__ some code does what it does
            - Providing other information such as usage instructions
        - 5.2.1 Redundant comments can be harmful
        - 5.2.2 Comments are a poor substitute for readable code
            - Q. 어느정도 레벨의 코드가 self-explanatory하다고 판단할 수 있을까요? 객관적인 지표가 있을까요?
        - 5.2.3 Comments can be great for explaining why code exists
            - Comments can be very useful when context like this is important for understanding the code or being able to modify it in a safe way. Examples of things that it might be good to comment on to explain why some code exists include the following:
                - A product or business decision
                - A fix for a weird, nonobvious bug
                - Dealing with a counterintuitive quirk in a dependency
        - 5.3 Don’t fixate on number of lines of code
            - The things we actually care about are ensuring that code is
                - easy to understand,
                - hard to misunderstand, and
                - hard to accidentally break.
            - 5.3.1 Avoid succinct but unreadable code
            - 5.3.2 Solution: Make code readable, even if it requires more lines
            - 5.4 Stick to a consistent coding style
            - 5.4.1 An inconsistent coding style can cause confusion
                - Q. consistency vs practice?
            - 5.4.2 Solution: Adopt and follow a style guide
        - 5.5 Avoid deeply nesting code
            - 5.5.1 Deeply nested code can be hard to read
            - 5.5.2 Solution: Restructure to minimize nesting
            - 5.5.3 Nesting is often a result of doing too much
            - 5.5.4 Solution: Break code into smaller functions
                - Q. 어느 정도 레벨로 작성해야 좋은 레벨의 함수일까요?
        - 5.6 Make function calls readable
            - 5.6.1 Arguments can be hard to decipher
            - 5.6.2 Solution: Use named arguments
            - 5.6.3 Solution: Use descriptive types
            - 5.6.4 Sometimes there’s no great solution
            - 5.6.5 What about the IDE?
        - 5.7 Avoid using unexplained values
            - 5.7.1 Unexplained values can be confusing
            - 5.7.2 Solution: Use a well-named constant
            - 5.7.3 Solution: Use a well-named function
        - 5.8 Use anonymous functions appropriately
            - 5.8.1 Anonymous functions can be great for small things
            - 5.8.2 Anonymous functions can be hard to read
            - 5.8.3 Solution: Use named functions instead
            - 5.8.4 Large anonymous functions can be problematic
            - 5.8.5 Solution: Break large anonymous functions into named functions
        - 5.9 Use shiny, new language features appropriately
            - Q. 실무에서는 새로운 기능에 대해 베타적으로 보는경우를 많이 접했던 것 같습니다. 새로운 기능이 팀에 이득이 될때, 어떻게 하면 이를 활용할 수 있도록 팀을 장려할 수 있을까요?
            - 5.9.1 New features can improve code
            - 5.9.2 Obscure features can be confusing
            - 5.9.3 Use the best tool for the job
- 6 Avoid surprises
    - Personal note
        - 많은 사람들이 이해하기 좋은 코드를 작성하는가?
        - 어떻게 하면 오해하기 쉬운 코드를 작성하는지에 대해 설명하는 챕터
        - 모든 챕터에는 (Try)가 있는 것 같다. 물론 그것이 좋은 경우에는 써야하겠지만..
        - 언제 쓰면 유용한지도 생각해 보는게 좋을 것 같다.
    - Avoid returning magic values
        - 6.1 Avoid returning magic values
            - magic value
                - A __magic value__ is a value that fits into the normal return type of a function but which has a special meaning. A very common example of a magic value is returning minus one from a function to indicate that a value is absent (or that an error occurred).
                    - Q. java Null은 magic value인가?
                    - Q. Empty array, empty string은 magic value 인가?
                    - Q. 왜 magic value를 쓰는가?
                        - Q. 어떤 값들이 좋은가?
                    - Q. 언제 쓰는게 좋은가?
        - 6.1.1 Magic values can lead to bugs
            - non-nullable return type을 가진 함수는 언제가 return value가 존재한다는 선입견을 줄 수 있다.
            - 6.1.2 Solution: Return null, an optional, or an error
                - C. null보다 default value를 리턴할 수 있도록 하는 경우가 좋은 경우가 있는 것 같다.
                    - https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html?highlight=dict#dict.get
        - 6.1.3 Sometimes magic values can happen accidentally
            - NOTE: USE AN APPROPRIATE LANGUAGE FEATURE
                - C. Do not reinvent the wheel
    - 6.2 Use the null object pattern appropriately
        - null object pattern
            - The __null object pattern__ is an alternative to returning null (or an empty optional) when a value can’t be obtained. The idea is that instead of returning null, a valid value is returned that will cause any downstream logic to behave in an innocuous way.
        - 6.2.1 Returning an empty collection can improve code
            - return empty collection >> return null
        - 6.2.2 Returning an empty string can sometimes be problematic
            - A STRING AS AN ID
        - 6.2.3 More complicated null objects can cause surprises
            - ??? 이해를 못했음
        - 6.3 Avoid causing unexpected side effects
            - Common side effects
                - Displaying an output to the user
                - Saving something to a file or database
                - Causing some network traffic by calling another system
                - Updating or invalidating a cache
            - 6.3.1 Side effects that are obvious and intentional are fine
            - 6.3.2 Unexpected side effects can be problematic
                - class Rectangle extends Square
                    - Set height
                    - set weidth
            - 6.3.3 Solution: Avoid a side effect or make it obvious
                - redrawAndGetPixel(Int x, Int y)
        - 6.4 Beware of mutating input parameters
            - 6.4.1 Mutating an input parameter can lead to bugs
                - C. In C, strtok()
            - 6.4.2 Solution: Copy things before mutating them
                - C. Why const exist to be defensive.
        - 6.5 Avoid writing misleading functions
            - 6.5.1 Doing nothing when a critical input is missing can cause surprises
                - Empty text of legal disclaimer.
            - 6.5.2 Solution: Make critical inputs required
                - C. assert? not even null text but for empty text.
                    - may be logged but force user to accept term of condition later?
        - 6.6 Future-proof enum handling
            - 6.6.1 Implicitly handling future enum values can be problematic
                - C. isRetryableError? for newly added enums return typed.
            - 6.6.2 Solution: Use an exhaustive switch statement
                - C. may linter helps to verify.
            - 6.6.3 Beware of the default case
                - Q. What is good default case?
                    - THROWING AN ERROR FROM THE DEFAULT CASE
            - 6.6.4 Caveat: Relying on another project’s enum
        - 6.7 Can’t we just solve all this with testing?
            - Other engineers may not be so diligent about testing, meaning they don’t test enough scenarios or corner cases to reveal that an assumption they made about your code is wrong. This can be especially true if an issue would only reveal itself in certain scenarios or for very large inputs.
            - Tests don’t always accurately simulate the real world. An engineer testing their code may be forced to mock out one of the dependencies. If this happens they will program the mock to behave how they __think__ the mocked out code behaves. If the real code behaves in a surprising way and the engineer does not realize this, then they will likely not program the mock correctly. If this happens, a bug caused by the surprising behavior may never surface during testing.
            - Some things are very hard to test. The section about side effects showed how they can be problematic for multithreaded code. Bugs related to multithreading issues are notoriously hard to test for because they often occur with a low probability and reveal themselves only when the code is run at scale.
        - Summary

            - The code we write will often be depended on by code that other engineers write.
                - If other engineers misinterpret what our code does, or fail to spot special scenarios they need to handle, then it’s likely that code built on top of ours will be buggy.
                - One of the best ways to avoid causing surprises for callers of a piece of code is to ensure that important details are in the unmistakably obvious part of the code’s contract.
            - Another source of surprises can occur if we make brittle assumptions about code we depend on.

                - An example of this is failing to anticipate new values being added to an enum.
                - It’s important to ensure that either our code stops compiling or a test fails if code we depend on breaks one of our assumptions.
            - Testing alone does not make up for code that does surprising things: if another engineer misinterprets our code, they may also misinterpret what scenarios they need to test.


